The C # Advanced course examines the .NET platform, as well as working with the C # language above the startup. This includes writing code (coding skills), problem solving than average algorithmic character (problem solving skills), introduction to standartnatite work tools (.NET Framework) eg. Tools for word processing, linear and tree collections and work files directories. Particular attention is paid to the functional programming paradigm as well as to the basic tool bundling it - LINQ to process data streams. The course will also deal with asynchronous programming, and throughout the course of the course the students will be divided into teams that will have to do a practical project. The development environment to be used by the training team is Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 + JetBrains ReSharper, but each student is free to use preference tools.

In the Object Oriented Programming (PLO) course you will learn about the principles and best practices for building quality software. You will become familiar with the concepts of writing quality code in COP in the C # language. This includes using abstractions, refactoring, and writing unit tests, reflection, working with template data types, using events and techniques, and tools to improve the quality of the code. The course ends with the development and defense of a practical course project and a practical exam.

The Object Oriented Programming course will teach you the principles of Object Oriented Programming (PLO), how to work with classes and objects, how to use object-oriented modeling, and build class hierarchies. The basic principles of the CMO will be studied as abstraction (interfaces, abstract classes), encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism. We will pay attention to paradigms such as event-driven programming, functional programming (lambda functions, closures and LINQ), exception handling. We'll look at cloning, comparing, and crawling objects. We will briefly go into the most commonly used design patterns. Examples, homework, and projects will be C #, Java and PHP.
